 Ceph OSD Daemons handle read, write, and replication operations on storage drives. With the older Filestore back end, each RADOS object was stored as a separate 
 file on a conventional filesystem (usually XFS). With the new and default BlueStore back end, objects are stored in a monolithic database-like fashion.
 Ceph OSD Daemons store data as objects in a flat namespace (e.g., no hierarchy of directories). An object has an identifier, binary data, and metadata consisting 
 of a set of name/value pairs.
 Ceph OSD Daemons create object replicas on other Ceph Nodes to ensure data safety and high availability. Ceph also uses a cluster of monitors to ensure 
 high availability. To eliminate centralization, Ceph uses an algorithm called CRUSH.
 
 Cluster Map: Monitor Map,OSD Map,PG Map,CRUSH Map,MDS Map
 Each map maintains an iterative history of its operating state changes. Ceph Monitors maintain a master copy of the cluster map including the cluster members, 
 state, changes, and the overall health of the Ceph Storage Cluster.
 
 Before Ceph Clients can read or write data, they must contact a Ceph Monitor to obtain the most recent copy of the cluster map. A Ceph Storage Cluster can operate 
 with a single monitor; however, this introduces a single point of failure.
 
 For added reliability and fault tolerance, Ceph supports a cluster of monitors. In a cluster of monitors, latency and other faults can cause one or more monitors 
 to fall behind the current state of the cluster. For this reason, Ceph must have agreement among various monitor instances regarding the state of the cluster. 
 Ceph always uses a majority of monitors (e.g., 1, 2:3, 3:5, 4:6, etc.)
 
 Cephx uses shared secret keys for authentication, meaning both the client and the monitor cluster have a copy of the client’s secret key.
 
 A key scalability feature of Ceph is to avoid a centralized interface to the Ceph object store, which means that Ceph clients must be able to interact with OSDs 
 directly.
 Cephx uses shared secret keys for authentication, meaning both the client and the monitor cluster have a copy of the client’s secret key.
 A user/actor invokes a Ceph client to contact a monitor. each monitor can authenticate users and distribute keys, so there is no single point of failure or 
 bottleneck when using cephx.
 The monitor returns an authentication data structure similar to a Kerberos ticket that contains a session key for use in obtaining Ceph services. This session key 
 is itself encrypted with the user’s permanent secret key, so that only the user can request services from the Ceph Monitor(s). The client then uses the session 
 key to request its desired services from the monitor, and the monitor provides the client with a ticket that will authenticate the client to the OSDs that actually 
 handle data. Ceph Monitors and OSDs share a secret, so the client can use the ticket provided by the monitor with any OSD or metadata server in the cluster.
 
 cephx tickets expire, so an attacker cannot use an expired ticket or session key obtained surreptitiously.
 
 To use cephx, an administrator must set up users first. In the following diagram, the client.admin user invokes ceph auth get-or-create-key from the 
 command line to generate a username and secret key. Ceph’s auth subsystem generates the username and key, stores a copy with the monitor(s) and transmits 
 the user’s secret back to the client.admin user. This means that the client and the monitor share a secret key.
 
 To authenticate with the monitor, the client passes in the user name to the monitor, and the monitor generates a session key and encrypts it with the secret key 
 associated to the user name. Then, the monitor transmits the encrypted ticket back to the client. The client then decrypts the payload with the shared secret key 
 to retrieve the session key. The session key identifies the user for the current session. The client then requests a ticket on behalf of the user signed by the 
 session key. The monitor generates a ticket, encrypts it with the user’s secret key and transmits it back to the client. The client decrypts the ticket and uses 
 it to sign requests to OSDs and metadata servers throughout the cluster.  
 
 The cephx protocol authenticates ongoing communications between the client machine and the Ceph servers. Each message sent between a client and server, 
 subsequent to the initial authentication, is signed using a ticket that the monitors, OSDs and metadata servers can verify with their shared secret.
 
 The protection offered by this authentication is between the Ceph client and the Ceph server hosts. The authentication is not extended beyond the Ceph client. 
 If the user accesses the Ceph client from a remote host, Ceph authentication is not applied to the connection between the user’s host and the client host.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
